protected/docs/guide/administration/installation.md, before:

Installation
============

1. Grab the source and put them somewhere into htdocs, either
  - `git clone https://github.com/humhub/humhub.git` (__recommended__, for this you need git, obviously)
  - or download <https://github.com/humhub/humhub/archive/master.zip>
2. Create an empty mysql database
3. Make following directories/files writable by webserver
    - /assets
    - /protected/runtime
    - /protected/modules
    - /protected/config/local
    - /uploads/*
    - 
4. Open installation folder in browser (e.g. http://localhost/humhub)


Enable Url Rewriting (Optional)
-------------------------------


1. Make sure you installed & configured HumHub before and your installation is working.
2. Copy file .htaccess.dist to .htaccess
3. Add urlManager lines in protected/config/local/_settings.php (Backup?)

        <?php return array (
          'components' => 
          array (

            [...]

            'urlManager' => array(
                'urlFormat' => 'path',
                'showScriptName' => false,
            ),

            [...]
        ); ?>
        

Enable Cron Jobs
----------------

Add following lines to your crontab:

        30 * * * * /path/to/humhub/protected/yiic cron hourly >/dev/null 2>&1
        00 18 * * * /path/to/humhub/protected/yiic cron daily >/dev/null 2>&1


Security/Production Mode
------------------------

1. Make sure following directories are not accessible throu webserver.
(These folders are protected by default with ".htaccess")

        - protected
        - uploads/file

2. Disable Errors / Debugging Open index.php in application root folder and disable debugging.
    
        [...]

        // Disable these 3 lines when in production mode
        //defined('YII_DEBUG') or define('YII_DEBUG', true);
        //defined('YII_TRACE_LEVEL') or define('YII_TRACE_LEVEL', 5);
        //ini_set('error_reporting', E_ALL);

        [...]

Commit message:

Added RewriteBase Tweak to default .htaccess file and documentation

protected/docs/guide/administration/installation.md, after:

Installation
============

1. Grab the source and put them somewhere into htdocs, either
  - `git clone https://github.com/humhub/humhub.git` (__recommended__, for this you need git, obviously)
  - or download <https://github.com/humhub/humhub/archive/master.zip>
2. Create an empty mysql database
3. Make following directories/files writable by webserver
    - /assets
    - /protected/runtime
    - /protected/modules
    - /protected/config/local
    - /uploads/*
    - 
4. Open installation folder in browser (e.g. http://localhost/humhub)


Enable Url Rewriting (Optional)
-------------------------------


1. Make sure you installed & configured HumHub before and your installation is working.
2. Copy file .htaccess.dist to .htaccess
3. You may need to modify the default .htaccess file on some hosting environments. (See inline documentation)
4. Add urlManager lines in protected/config/local/_settings.php (Backup?)

        <?php return array (
          'components' => 
          array (

            [...]

            'urlManager' => array(
                'urlFormat' => 'path',
                'showScriptName' => false,
            ),

            [...]
        ); ?>
        

Enable Cron Jobs
----------------

Add following lines to your crontab:

        30 * * * * /path/to/humhub/protected/yiic cron hourly >/dev/null 2>&1
        00 18 * * * /path/to/humhub/protected/yiic cron daily >/dev/null 2>&1


Security/Production Mode
------------------------

1. Make sure following directories are not accessible throu webserver.
(These folders are protected by default with ".htaccess")

        - protected
        - uploads/file

2. Disable Errors / Debugging Open index.php in application root folder and disable debugging.
    
        [...]

        // Disable these 3 lines when in production mode
        //defined('YII_DEBUG') or define('YII_DEBUG', true);
        //defined('YII_TRACE_LEVEL') or define('YII_TRACE_LEVEL', 5);
        //ini_set('error_reporting', E_ALL);

        [...]
