protected/humhub/docs/guide/admin/security.md, before:

Security
========

Disable Errors / Debugging
--------------------------

 - Modify *index.php* in your humhub root directory
     
```php
[...]
// comment out the following two lines when deployed to production
// defined('YII_DEBUG') or define('YII_DEBUG', true);
// defined('YII_ENV') or define('YII_ENV', 'dev');
[...]
```

 - Delete *index-test.php* in your humhub root directory if exists


Protected Directories
---------------------

Make sure following directories are not accessible by web:
- protected
- uploads/file

By default these folders are protected with a ".htaccess" file.


Limit User Access
-----------------

If you're running a private social network, make sure the user registration is disabled or the approval system for new users is enabled.

- Disable user registration: `Administration -> Users -> Settings -> Anonymous users can register`
- Enable user approvals: `Administration -> Users -> Settings -> Require group admin approval after registration`
- Make sure guest access is disabled: `Administration -> Users -> Settings -> Allow limited access for non-authenticated users (guests)`

Keep up with the latest HumHub version
---------------------------------------

As admin you'll receive a notification when a new HumHub version is released. We recommend to always use the latest stable version.

We take security very seriously and continuously improving the security features of HumHub.

Commit message:

Fix: Add some grammar fixes
Added `,` and `we're` to express that the team is continuously improving security features as well as removed unneeded line spaces and other grammar fixes.

protected/humhub/docs/guide/admin/security.md, after:

Security
========

Disable Errors / Debugging
--------------------------

 - Modify *index.php* in your humhub root directory

```php
[...]
// comment out the following two lines when deployed to production
// defined('YII_DEBUG') or define('YII_DEBUG', true);
// defined('YII_ENV') or define('YII_ENV', 'dev');
[...]
```

 - Delete *index-test.php* in your humhub root directory if exists

Protected Directories
---------------------

Make sure the following directories are not accessible by web:
- protected
- uploads/file

By default these folders are protected with a ".htaccess" file.

Limit User Access
-----------------

If you're running a private social network, make sure the user registration has been disabled or the approval system for new users has been enabled.

- Disable user registration: `Administration -> Users -> Settings -> Anonymous users can register`
- Enable user approvals: `Administration -> Users -> Settings -> Require group admin approval after registration`
- Make sure guest access is disabled: `Administration -> Users -> Settings -> Allow limited access for non-authenticated users (guests)`

Keep up with the latest HumHub version
---------------------------------------

As an admin you'll receive a notification when a new HumHub version has been released. We strongly recommend to always use the latest stable version when possible.

We take security very seriously, and we're continuously improving the security features of HumHub.
