protected/docs/guide/theming/index.md, before:

Theming
=======

With **HumHub** you can easily create your own themes. Regardless of whether you want to build a complete new looking interface or you only want to do some small changes to fit the platform better to your needs. **HumHub** gives you the options you need. 

### What you need to know about theming in HumHub
1. **HumHub** was build within the **yiiframework** (<http://www.yiiframework.com>). This framework implements the MVC (Model-View-Controller) design pattern. If this is new for you, please visit <http://www.yiiframework.com/doc/guide/1.1/en/basics.mvc> for more information.

2. The interface of **HumHub** is using the **Twitter Bootstrap Framework** (<http://www.getbootstrap.com>) to building the interface. Currently in version 3.0.2.

3. If you created or installed a new theme inside the **themes folder**, you can switch to the new theme through your account menu **Administration > Design > Theme**.

---

## Structure of theme folders

The principle of theming in **HumHub** is overwriting. To build a new theme, you have to create a new folder with the name of your new theme (for example: "mytheme") inside the "themes" folder in application root.

**The following listing shows you the folder structure for a theme:**

    /mytheme/                       - My Theme Name
        /css/                       - Your theme css files (optional)
        /js/                        - Additional javascript files (optional)
        /font/                      - Additional fonts (optional)
        /img/                       - Images (optional)         
        /views/                     - Overwritten Views
            /moduleId/              - Id of Module (module_core Id, module Id, or base controller id)
                /controllerId/      - Id of Controller
                    index.php       - Overwritten View File
                /widgets/           - Links to /someModule/widgets/views/
                    someWidget.php  - Overwritten widget view
            /widgets/                - Links to /protected/widget/views

``Note: ``  There is an difference between yii´s normal widget theme handling!

---

## Custom CSS
If your theme is activated, you have to tell **HumHub**, where to find new **CSS** or **JavaScript** files. To do that, you have to copy the **head.php** from:

    /protected/views/layout/

to your theme folder:

    /themes/mytheme/views/layout/head.php

Now open the copied **head.php** with an editor of your choice and you can add further **CSS** or **JavaScript** files, you needed.

Here is an example how to load your own css file and override the bootstrap standard classes:

    // Core bootstrap css file
    <link href="<?php echo Yii::app()->baseUrl; ?>/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

    // Additional needed CSS classes
    <link href="<?php echo Yii::app()->baseUrl; ?>/css/style.css" rel="stylesheet">

    // Your theme css file
    <link href="<?php echo Yii::app()->theme->baseUrl; ?>/css/mytheme.css" rel="stylesheet">

``Note: ``  Your own css file has to be load **after** the bootstrap core css file to work correctly.

If your own css file is loading correctly you can writing your own styles depends an the **Twitter Bootstrap Guidelines** you will find here: <http://getbootstrap.com/getting-started>

---

## Custom views
To edit a view, you have to copy the original **view** from the **protected** folder into your **theme** folder. Please take care to observe the themes folder structure above.

If your theme is activiated, **HumHub** automatically looks at first inside the theme folder. If there was no view found, he will load the original one.

Commit message:

Added Themeing Migration Guide to docs

protected/docs/guide/theming/index.md, after:

Theming
=======

With **HumHub** you can easily create your own themes. Regardless of whether you want to build a complete new looking interface or you only want to do some small changes to fit the platform better to your needs. **HumHub** gives you the options you need. 

``Note:`` If you want to update an existing theme to a newer version of HumHub, please read the [Theming Migration Guide](migrate.md).

### What you need to know about theming in HumHub
1. **HumHub** was build within the **yiiframework** (<http://www.yiiframework.com>). This framework implements the MVC (Model-View-Controller) design pattern. If this is new for you, please visit <http://www.yiiframework.com/doc/guide/1.1/en/basics.mvc> for more information.

2. The interface of **HumHub** is using the **Twitter Bootstrap Framework** (<http://www.getbootstrap.com>) to building the interface. Currently in version 3.0.2.

3. If you created or installed a new theme inside the **themes folder**, you can switch to the new theme through your account menu **Administration > Design > Theme**.
4. To migrate a theme created before Version 0.10


---

## Structure of theme folders

The principle of theming in **HumHub** is overwriting. To build a new theme, you have to create a new folder with the name of your new theme (for example: "mytheme") inside the "themes" folder in application root.

**The following listing shows you the folder structure for a theme:**

    /mytheme/                       - My Theme Name
        /css/                       - Your theme css files (optional)
        /js/                        - Additional javascript files (optional)
        /font/                      - Additional fonts (optional)
        /img/                       - Images (optional)         
        /views/                     - Overwritten Views
            /moduleId/              - Id of Module (module_core Id, module Id, or base controller id)
                /controllerId/      - Id of Controller
                    index.php       - Overwritten View File
                /widgets/           - Links to /someModule/widgets/views/
                    someWidget.php  - Overwritten widget view
            /widgets/                - Links to /protected/widget/views

``Note: ``  There is an difference between yii´s normal widget theme handling!

---

## Custom CSS
If your theme is activated, you have to tell **HumHub**, where to find new **CSS** or **JavaScript** files. To do that, you have to copy the **head.php** from:

    /protected/views/layout/

to your theme folder:

    /themes/mytheme/views/layout/head.php

Now open the copied **head.php** with an editor of your choice and you can add further **CSS** or **JavaScript** files, you needed.

Here is an example how to load your own css file and override the bootstrap standard classes:

    // Core bootstrap css file
    <link href="<?php echo Yii::app()->baseUrl; ?>/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

    // Additional needed CSS classes
    <link href="<?php echo Yii::app()->baseUrl; ?>/css/style.css" rel="stylesheet">

    // Your theme css file
    <link href="<?php echo Yii::app()->theme->baseUrl; ?>/css/mytheme.css" rel="stylesheet">

``Note: ``  Your own css file has to be load **after** the bootstrap core css file to work correctly.

If your own css file is loading correctly you can writing your own styles depends an the **Twitter Bootstrap Guidelines** you will find here: <http://getbootstrap.com/getting-started>

---

## Custom views
To edit a view, you have to copy the original **view** from the **protected** folder into your **theme** folder. Please take care to observe the themes folder structure above.

If your theme is activiated, **HumHub** automatically looks at first inside the theme folder. If there was no view found, he will load the original one.
